**Scikit-learn Image Classification with Landsat--The Beginner's Beginners Guide to Remote Sensing with the Open Source Python Stack**

This repository is meant to serve as a platform to start with open source image classification and remote sensing analysis with Python, removing as many third party libraries as possible along the way. I intend to translate many GUI-based or otherwise proprietary geospatial analysis workflows, to open source, step-by step notebooks with your typical GDAL and Numpy libraries, trying to remove as many third party packages as possible. I'm still a Github and objective programming novice, so bear with me I'm workin on it! 

In order for these scripts to work, you need to first download any Landsat image and unzip the .TIF files into a known folder on your local workstation. To download Landsat imagery, I've found the best way is through Glovis via https://glovis.usgs.gov/ or the USGS Earth Explorer  via https://earthexplorer.usgs.gov/. You'll most likely need a tarball unzipper like 7zip or the sorts. You probably have to sign up for a free account first with the United States Geological Survey (USGS), but unless you are a conspiracy theorist, your data won't be used for much ;)

Pretty much all you need to start off with these notebooks is an unzipped folder of Landsat images separated by each band the way they come from USGS. Typically, each band (Red, Blue, Green, Near IR, Coastal Aerosol, etc), will be saved in a separate TIF like this. I will do my best to comment out where these are able to be interchanged with separate spectral bands and make sure the analysis can be performed with as many combinations as you'd like. 

The Jupyter Notebooks are named to be run in a sequential order, with obvious breaks in between. The first will generate one n-band geotiff image stacking whatever bands you want into one single file. Subsequential notebooks will assume you have at least run the first and know the output directory of that single file.
